Update documentation with improvements (#100)
wearerequired/traduttore: docs/api.md

# REST API

> Traduttore adds new routes to both the WordPress REST API (https://example.com/wp-json) as well as the API provided by GlotPress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traduttore adds new routes to both the [WordPress REST API](https://developer.wordpress.org/rest-api/) as well as the API provided by GlotPress.
```
